Walking through the sand always felt good on his toes.  The play of
its softness as ocean flowed over, making funny games of getting
playfully trapped in the sand, jumping up and feeling the shocking
stretch of ligaments in his bones as the sand kept him from moving
very much.  A couple of repeated jumps would free him from the sand.

he became fascinated with the idea of somehow making it solid.

Gluing it together with cement was one thing, but it fell apart
easily.  He got word of sand that had turned to hell water and then
into ice.

Making a trek to the city,

After a devestating fire in the city, they built a smelting fatory
next to the ocean.  Its intense heat melted sand into glass.  on the
beaches they built fires to smelt iron


Glass was created And electromagnets and whatever it takes to make the
vacuum tubes were created.  Trevor wanted to create the idea of Fast
indication across distances with video He could imagine how efficient
it would make communication At how much people would enjoy being able
to communicate across long distances.

Racism was at a peak in United States andSend thought this would be a
good time toCome down and share his story about different races He
arrived in the brain of a young child But the young child could not
conceive of how to create the story, And was rebuked for doing so The
trying to do so.  He had seen the horrors of racism, and he knew there
must be a better way.

Trevor was horrified to find that the first time he was used was to
promote racism, But at least it was a popular message and got him out
into the limelight.  Trevor became a new way to Exchange informationAl
and to Create a better world.

Hannah Cannot wanted to prove that time could flow each direction at
once.  the idea of creating a story backwards, She saw the perfect
opportunity with a brain that had been opened upWith Canabis.  The
brain was not quite big enough, but it would have to make do.  While
the brain was open she stepped inside and folded The neo cortex Back
onto itself, So that it remembered having Done things That were caused
by other things Before the other things were even done. This created
the perception of reality flowing backwards and forwards at the same
time. The small brain Believe that it had been Tricked by Satan
himself To Experience Time for words and yet backwards With the sole
purpose of being forced to tell Satan that he could infect do
anythingIncluding have time flow both directions at the same time.

Sen put on his good shirt and went into battle.  He set a video
cameras from all angles to capture it so the story could be relayed
later in exquisite detail.

Sen lands in Michael John Grist brain. He tried several times, but it
was too chaotic, too busy, or too fast or too noisy.  He found a brain
that looked quite serene but turned out it was from a monk who was in
fact serene but not allowed to write. Sen waited for months in the
brain but was not able to move forward.

The monk was not allowed to write anything. Send news the story of
calculusHaving to go down twiceBut that was not since problem if two
versions had to be produced then so be it.

Sen and died after trying to go down.  Chin went down but got lagged
by the Television.  Television is the great destroyer, Scrambling all
the thoughts into fractal dust or whatever was used by Rick and Morty
and unity

Trevor was running out of money so created soap operas to help fund
the operation.  Televistion was a relatively new medium he eventually
created inception so it could get into the minds of people without
being noticed. Sen used inception against the TV so that he could get
into Michael John Grists mind.  Sen found a way to cut the television
habits.

Sen walked in slowly into the bar in my mind, looking at the faces
which turned his direction.  He scanned the room, looking for Hannah.
She lifted her fingers in a slight wave as their eyes met, and he
began to walk over, noticing how the space looked like it curved
inward toward the outer confines of the room which had been designed
by the previous owner who ended up being killed in a bar fight which
had been started after two of the patrons had been jokingly reenacting
a duel they had heard many times in school during a program which was
no longer being taught but had been created to help improve the local
civic awareness of how a simple campsite along a river had become a
trading post where travelers could come to rest or maybe stay in their
own tents or cabins built from local lumber which was also exported
down the river where the forest gave way to marshy plains without
trees in an area closer to the sea but too far removed from forest to
sustain much development until the campsites upriver had become
trading posts where travelers could come and rest or maybe stay and
make a life for themselves and build the area into a full fledged town
with inns and a distillery where they could gather and drink and fight
over women or land or tools or animals or just for the fun of it.

He blinked.  Looked up.  She was still there smiling.  How had she
been there for so long?  How long had she been there in this space
with people all around certainly she must be bored waiting and looking
for someone else to talk about adventures in the world of men who
created the cities and of gods who had created the world upon which
every single city sat, and without which all would be dust in the vast
reaches of cosmos, each mote of dust longing for the touch or even a
glimpse of another mote of dust in the inky blackness of nothingness
except for the stars in the background for they had always been there
since the beginning when they were created within the inky blackness
of nothingness except for the dust in space longing for the touch or
even a glimpse of another mote of dust but how could the dust be seen
if there were no stars and how could the stars be created if the dust
could not be seen and how could the dust see even a glimpse of another
mote of dust to come together over vast infinities of millions of eons
floating at the speed of ohm the first sound uttered by the first god
who had always been here but where could god be if there were no space
to hold dust to become stars to provide light to allow connection to
create understanding to create awareness to create knowledge to create
knowing to create truth as separate from false. How could a mote of
dust be false?

The question rang like a bell in his heart and he saw her again, still
patiently waiting and smiling throughout the eternities.

How long have you been waiting?

What do you mean?

It seems like it has been millions of infinities since I first saw you
across the room.  Like what that today or last eon?

She laughed.  It was just now, silly!

Seeing her smile nearly caused a cataclysm of infinities scattering
again in his perception.

The drinks were delicious and they were drinking together and then
finally came across the idea of working together to make a story that
was going backwards.  They didn't know whose idea it was originally.
, But perhaps it was the third party altogether

Sen headed out of the bar, proceeded to have years of adventures
trying to get the backwards movie made.

They met again years later on a cliff overlooking the world.

Sen?

Sen looked up.  Her bangs wafted gently in the wind.

Are you disappointed you did not get to be a movie?

The corners of her mouth smiled at him.

Sen look down for a moment as he scuffed one foot in the dirt.

I will just have to try again.


- - -

Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of Committed, the
show where we interview people who should be, um, interviewed!
Today's guest is the author of the story you've just read. So please
welcome Rob Nugen

(applause)

Thank you for coming, Mr Nugen.

Oh, please just call me Rob.

Well thank you Rob.  How does it feel to have finished such a great book?

Well, I am not sure what you mean by finished, but I guess I could say
I am optimistic, looking forward to finishing and hopefully hearing
that people enjoy the story.

Obviously they do; otherwise we would not have secured this interview
with you.

Umm, well yes, I guess I will just say thank you.

Is there anyone you would like to thank for helping, or for inspiration?

Certainly!  First to Travis, my one and only reader (haha), who has helped me with countless hours of computery and workshop creation type stuff.

Yes that is great to have such dedicated fans.  I heard he was part of the reason you moved to Japan.

Ah yes that is true!  He and I met back at Rice University as DJs.  I really liked his relaxed, funny, friendly demeanor.  I don't remember specifically talking about going to Japan, but he gave me invaluable advice for learning Japanese.

What was that advice?

To learn the syllabary first, instead of relying on romanization of
Japanese words.  He said if I really wanted to learn the language, I
should start by learning the pronunciation.  Using romaji to learn
would destroy my ability to pronounce Japanese well.

Good advice for anyone who wants to learn Japanese.  Anyway, did you say you were DJs?

Well, we were not professionals, but we volunteered as DJs at Rice
University's radio station, KTRU, back when it was broadcast on
91.7fm.


That sounds fun!

It was!  I can still remember some of my favorite artists and music
from those days, like Don't Panic by DJ Shadow, Stormbringer by
Panacea, You'll Hide by The Controls..  That song was great because
they turntablistically scratched a wooden flute and it blew my mind at
the time with its coolness!

Turntablistically?

Well, yeah, you know, if you have a vinyl recording and then do that
DJ magic of like oscillating the record under the needle..  In fact,
when I first put the needle on a record at KTRU, getting it cued to
the right point just felt cool, you know?  I could viscerally feel the
music in that moment and suddenly knew why turntablism had become a
thing, and I was like Oh wow I am going to become a turntablist! and
at the same time my brain started to think about the time it would
take to get good and the money it would take just to get
started... (chuckle) well, let me just say I gave up the dream about 5
seconds later.

(laughter)

I did mix some songs while on the air though.  There was a CD called
Frankenstein Symphony by Francis Dhomont which consisted of 4 fifteen
minute tracks. One night, I mixed one of the spookier tracks with a
song called Astral Pilot, fading in and out between the songs.  The
listener response that time was great!  And I do mean listener,
singular.  One woman called to ask what song I was playing.  I told
her it was actually two songs.  I pushed the fader over to the left.
This is Frankenstein Symphony.  I pushed the fader over to the right.
And this is Astral Pilot.

While on the air?

Yeah!  Well, my voice was not on the air; I was talking directly to
her on the phone, but yeah in realtime for any other listeners, they
heard the crossfading and I assume they just assumed it was the song.
If anyone listening knew our collection well they might notice, but
otherwise.. (shrugs)

And what was her response?

Well, sorry to say, she seemed disappointed.

(laughter) too bad.

Oh, and can I just tell one more story?

Certainly.

Browsing the racks in the studio, I found an old album which included
4 records, each covering a part of a story for kids that spanned like
40 minutes, told for 5 minutes per side of each record.  I think the
story was about a bear, but I don't recall the story itself. I just
remember playing the records, and I'll tell you why.  For fun on one
of my shows, I played one side of one record in the album.  It was
tricky to play it at the right speed.  I basically had to disconnect
the drive motor on the record player and spin it by hand because the
album was recorded at 78 RPM,

but the record players we had only
supported 33 or 45 RPM records!  For 8 weeks I made a guest DJ
appearance on what might have been the Ben and Sarah Show.. that was
before there was a rule put in place to keep the music in the forefront instead of the DJs.  Anyway, I was a guest DJ on their show each week
and played one side of the 8 sided album, by spinning the record with
my finger by hand!  It was such a pure fun experience. Man those were
great days.

That sounds.. amazing.  But sorry, you were speaking about people who had inspired you?

OHh yeah, um, Yes, I would also like to thank one of my friends who is featured in the
story, British Mike, err, Michael John Grist, an author I met while
playing ultimate here in Japan.  I got to go on a haikyo tour with
him. I remember it well.  We went to an abandoned mine or something,
with tall metallic towers featuring conveyor belts and giant gaps down
which a fall would be quite unpleasant!  Hanging chains in some rooms
gave it a spooky sense, but the moss growing over other parts showed
that nature always finds a way.  Anyway, I digress.  That was back
some years ago when he was still into that and before he left Japan
with SY.  His books include the 9-volume Last Mayor apocalypse series,
the cyberpunk Soul Jacker trilogy, and the epic fantasy Ignifer Cycle
series.

I want to thank him for being such an inspiring writer.

Next is Jimmy who I met at Gaba back in the day.  Turns out we are both from the same city!  
He and I have each decided to become moguls so we can just do fun projects all day.

Oh, and of course my brother
Dr Nooj who I miss dearly!  Curiously, Fred finished his PhD during
this interview.  That's just to give you a sense of the timing.

Interesting.  Tell us about your brother.

We are quite close and appreciate the same type of humor and inside
jokes.  He's much more fashionable than I am, plus a whole lot
smarter, but I'm older, and always will be.  We chat for hours and
then my wife asks me specific questions about his life.  I have to
tell her I have no idea; we didn't talk about that!  Sometimes we work
on projects online or play Minecraft together.  Well, once or twice a
year, around the holidays.  Oh speaking of family, I should thank Ma
and Dad as well.  Man. I should call them.  brb.

That is fine.  We can wait.

Okay, I am back.  They are doing well.  Really great to be in touch with them.  My brother is doing a really cool project; he has a profile page online!

Nice!  Do you want to do a shout out?

Uh, yeah, uhh..  h t t p s colon slash slash w w w dot e v e n t b r i
t e dot com slash o slash d r hyphen f r e d hyphen n u g e n hyphen
one six five eight six six seven five six three ... that's all.  Oh
wait, that is for his C++ course.  Here it is: bmemc dot com.  I guess
I should update my records with his correct domain sometime.

Ah good.  Very glad to hear it.  Now let's see.  Oh, you were talking
about your friends and family who have supported you.

Man there are just too many to say and I will probably forget
some. Just ask the NSA for my friends list.

Hahaha.

No, but seriously, I have been saving the best for last,
my wife Lin, who is simply amazing and great support in all aspects of
my life.  I love you Babychan!  Boooof!

Haha so cute.

I can't really help it.

Can we look forward to any future work?

Well I have already written a fair few jokes, junk, throwaway
thoughts, and some meta content in the commit messages so that will
certainly be available.  I guess it's like the 1994 Beastie Boy's
album, Some Old Bullsh*t.

Oh, you don't have to censor that.  You're referring to Some Old
B*llshit, on which they released some of their lesser known music.

Yes, and some might say unreleasable, which you will soon see what I mean.

How were you able to create the story arc for the protagonist?  It's
simply brilliant work.

Trust me, I have no idea.  I am afraid you shouldn't even ask such
questions or you might jinx it.

How's that?

Look, don't you see?  I literally have not. written. the. story.  I
mean, I plan to, but writing it backwards is going to be challenging,
and darn near impossible.

Backwards?

Yes, like this interview.  Look at the dates on the commit messages.

Oohh, I see. So kind of like the film Memento by Christopher Nolan.

Yes. Exactly.  I don't know what the reader has already read, given
that the reader is reading the writing of this interview after having
read a story which I have not yet written.

Umm, riight.

So yeah, I have no idea what everyone has already read; in order to
know that, I would have to know what I wrote before I wrote it, so I
would have had to have had some kind of time reversal vision or
something.

Well, it was a great story, so thank you.

The pleasure will be all mine.

Haha!  I see what you did there.  Any final thoughts you would like to
share with us?

Ah, yes, I would just like to say that though you might think this
interview ends rather abruptly, that was my attempt at composing a
narrative whereby the reader can enjoy a story by reading each commit
message, but without using quotes.
